feat: add api version validation (#218)
salesforcecli/plugin-lightning-dev: messages/shared.utils.md

# error.localdev.not.enabled

Local Dev is not enabled for your org. See https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/platform/lwc/guide/get-started-test-components.html for more information on enabling and using Local Dev.

# error.org.api-mismatch.message

> Your org is on API version %s but this CLI plugin supports API version %s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your org is on API version %s, but this version of the CLI plugin supports API version %s.
```

# error.org.api-mismatch.remediation

> Please reinstall or update the plugin using %s tag.

Author: I'm open to rewording these if you have any recommendations.

> Please reinstall or update the plugin using %s tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the plugin with this org, you can reinstall or update the plugin using the "%s" tag. For example: "sf plugins install %s".
```

Where the first `%s` would just be the tag name and the second would be the expansion that you currently have in the code, for this text update.
